Deploy to app store (#1394)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/appflow/destinations/apple.md

---
title: 'Apple App Store'

> previousText: 'Deploy To Appstore'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previousText: 'Overview'
```

> previousUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/intro'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
previousUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/destinations'
```

> nextText: 'Deploy to Google Play store'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nextText: 'Deploy to Google Play Store'
```

nextUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/google'
---

The Apple App Store destination allows you to upload your finished binaries to the App Store Connect service for iOS devices.

> ![/docs/assets/img/appflow/apple-add-destination.png](/docs/assets/img/appflow/apple-add-destination.png)

Reviewer 2: I would remove the LastPass icons in the input fields

For this destination you will need the following:

> (Not part of the destination, but to build a binary that you can upload to the Apple App Store you will need a production Security Profile configured in App Flow, details [here](https://ionicframework.com/docs/appflow/package/credentials#ios-credentials))

Reviewer: I would suggest putting this in a warning box as a prerequisite to call attention to it. See example here: https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/blame/master/src/pages/appflow/deploy/setup.md#L16

---
title: 'Apple App Store'
previousText: 'Destinations Overview'
previousUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/destinations'

> nextText: 'Deploy to Google Play store'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nextText: 'Deploy to Google Play Store'
```

nextUrl: '/docs/appflow/destinations/google'
---

The Apple App Store destination allows you to upload your finished binaries to the App Store Connect service for iOS devices.

![/docs/assets/img/appflow/apple-add-destination.png](/docs/assets/img/appflow/apple-add-destination.png)

For this destination you will need the following:

> > **Note:** Not part of the destination, but to build a binary that you can upload to the Apple App Store you will need a production Security Profile configured in App Flow, details [here](https://ionicframework.com/docs/appflow/package/credentials#ios-credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Prerequisite:** In order to build a binary that you can upload to the Apple App Store you will need a production Security Profile configured in App Flow, details [here](https://ionicframework.com/docs/appflow/package/credentials#ios-credentials)
```
